DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 8fb039d8; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 8fb039d8 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a rail concourse split-flap board at rush hour, where cascading letter flaps, platform columns, and departure rhythm hold a thousand travelers in one gaze
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse
     CREATIVE SPARK: A ripple of clacks runs the board, Milan becomes Marseille, and every head in the concourse lifts at the same half-second.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: matte black flap faces with white paint letters, brushed steel board frame as ground, amber row lamps for delay; cancelled rows drop to dim red type
       - Type/composition: one condensed white sans on every flap, characters in fixed cells, destinations in caps; the board's ruled rows and columns are the entire composition
       - Topology/navigation: rows are live entities ranked by time; columns never move, only their flaps.
       - Controls/state: changes cascade character by character; delayed and cancelled states restyle the row without breaking the grid.
       - Responsive/motion: the board narrows column priority on phones; the cascade collapses to a single update under
     WEB LEVERAGE: WebSocket-fed rows animate per-character flips while remaining a semantic, sortable table underneath.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse-hero.webp
  2. a botanical folio following one plant through seed, leaf, flower, fruit, and winter husk, where each plate keeps the same exact scale and ground
     SOURCE ID: editorial-sequence-montage-botanical-folio-season
     CREATIVE SPARK: Five cream plates align on the same stem: a tight green bud opens scarlet, swells into black fruit, then remains as a dry silver cage.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: warm cream plate ground with hairline sepia rules, botanical greens and scarlet-to-black fruit as the only saturation, graphite gray for labels at rest
       - Type/composition: engraved italic species names over small-caps stage labels, five fixed-scale plates banded on one shared baseline with captions ranked beneath
       - Topology/navigation: Move by life stage, date, plant part, plate detail, and recurring fixed landmark.
       - Controls/state: Align, overlay, compare, and annotate with dormant, emerging, flowering, fruiting, and senescent states.
       - Responsive/motion: Use registered overlays or a stage strip and provide descriptive change summaries.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Image registration can make subtle seasonal transformation directly comparable without automatic morphing.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/editorial-sequence-montage-botanical-folio-season.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/editorial-sequence-montage-botanical-folio-season-hero.webp
  3. an orienteering map and legend, iso-standard colors where white means runnable forest, contours rule the truth, and the course rides in purple over everything
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map
     CREATIVE SPARK: Thumb on the map and breath ragged, a runner in wet birch forest gambles on the marsh crossing because two contour lines pinch, and the purple line does not care how.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: isom inks, white runnable forest, olive thicket, yellow open land, brown contours, blue marsh, course purple reserved for the active leg
       - Type/composition: condensed sans control numerals in purple beside their circles, the legend a ranked symbol table, contour line texture is the page's ground
       - Topology/navigation: terrain is a fixed color language beneath and the numbered purple course rides above, you travel control to control choosing your own route
       - Controls/state: each control pairs a circle on the map with a coded description row, punched controls check off, the course layer never edits the terrain
       - Responsive/motion: the map keeps metric scale and clips to a window around your current leg; panning follows the compass bearing
     WEB LEVERAGE: Geolocation tracks your position over the fixed-scale map with the course as an SVG overlay layer.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map-hero.webp
  4. a character goods catalog page, a cast of rounded mascots ranked by popularity across a pastel grid, each with a name plate, a birthday, and a one-line personality note printed beneath its portrait
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog
     CREATIVE SPARK: forty-eight rounded characters ranked by how much people like them, each with a birthday and one line about what they enjoy, and one of them is a lump of butter.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: soft pastel grounds with a white keyline around every mascot, flat fills, and one saturated ribbon color per character
       - Type/composition: a rounded bubble face for name plates, mascots ranked in a grid, and a birthday with a one-line note ruled beneath each
       - Topology/navigation: the roster is ranked and finite, so navigation moves between characters and their fixed personal furniture
       - Controls/state: controls are mascot cells, the active one takes its ribbon color, and retired characters print in grayscale
       - Responsive/motion: the roster reflows in whole cells, and motion is a small bounce as a character takes focus
     WEB LEVERAGE: a whole-cell responsive roster, ranked ordering as live state, and a bounce animation on focus
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog-hero.webp
  5. a metro screen of flat tiles and giant lowercase, headlines cropped off the canvas edge, color fields as content, chrome deleted so the type itself is the interface
     SOURCE ID: digital-design-canon-metro-typographic-tiles
     CREATIVE SPARK: you drag the panorama and the giant word music slides its cropped tail into view, a tile flips over in your peripheral vision with a new photo, everything black and cyan and nothing on screen that is not a word or a color
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: flat cyan, magenta, or lime tiles on a pure black ground, zero gradients or bevels, white segoe as ink, one chosen accent color owns every live state
       - Type/composition: giant light-weight lowercase headlines cropped off the right edge, type ramped from caption to poster size, left-aligned on a strict grid of square tiles
       - Topology/navigation: one wide panorama slides behind the viewport, pivot headers peek in from the next pane to promise more, tiles are the only doors
       - Controls/state: tiles tilt toward the finger on press, live tiles flip to show fresh data, selection floods a tile with the accent color, no borders or button chrome
       - Responsive/motion: the panorama collapses to a single tile column on narrow screens, entrances glide in from the edge with type leading
     WEB LEVERAGE: scroll-snap drives the panoramic panes; css 3d transforms tilt tiles on press and flip the live ones
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-metro-typographic-tiles.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-metro-typographic-tiles-hero.webp
  6. a metropolitan rail map fired as a midnight-blue enamel mural, where scarlet, cobalt, amber, and green lines bend at disciplined angles, interchange circles bloom at crossings, and the entire city becomes a legible promise of movement
     SOURCE ID: wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram
     CREATIVE SPARK: Under the station's white light, four colored lines meet in one porcelain interchange; a fingertip follows the scarlet route outward until the dense center opens toward the river.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: midnight-blue enamel ground with porcelain white station ticks, scarlet, cobalt, amber, and green line inks, the chosen line burning brightest
       - Type/composition: humanist transit sans in fixed-size station labels, lines bending only at 45 and 90 degrees, the diagram's discipline is the composition
       - Topology/navigation: Organize movement by line, station order, branch, interchange, fare boundary, and destination rather than literal geographic distance.
       - Controls/state: Trace, transfer, reverse, reroute, and compare journeys with open, arriving, delayed, suspended, crowded, and accessible states.
       - Responsive/motion: Focus the chosen corridor while preserving transfer context; never shrink the whole network into an unreadable miniature.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Live service state can recompute only affected routes and transfer promises, while deep-linked itineraries, native search, and offline caching preserve a usable journey beyond the mural.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. Keep a literal carrier only when it
becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
MODE RULES (operate, from /workspace/appfit/.agents/skills/impeccable/reference/mode-operate.md). They govern this surface's directions and every comp you write or judge for it, the decision comps included; where shared guidance conflicts, these win.
DIRECTIONS
Someone who uses tools like this one should know where everything is before they notice the world. The world lends four things and only these: type, palette, density, and one signature move. It never supplies the layout, the navigation model, or the controls. Colour is part of the world's contribution, and it does real jobs: a committed palette for the shell (a coloured rail or header, a tinted ground), state colours, data series, selection, and the signature move. A grey screen with one accent colour is the category default without the category's polish, not restraint.

Read every candidate, the assigned direction, and every challenger through that limit before you fuse or judge it. A world taken from a tool or instrument the audience operates (a terminal, a scope, a control panel, a cockpit) or from a fictional interface comes back as a costume of that tool on a working screen: take from it only what transfers as type, palette, density, and a signature move, or replace it from your list. When a catalog world's source is itself an interface language, the same limit holds: it lends type, density, palette, and one signature move, while navigation and controls stay the standard ones for the platform, web components on the web and native controls in an app.

Write each direction's first viewport as the product's shell first: the navigation, the work areas and what each is for, the data the visitor reads first and its states, and then where the signature move lives. Expression may never obscure the task, state, or familiar affordance. Name the signature move concretely, so the comp and the build can find it: service health drawn as a transit map, a schedule set in a timetable's column rhythm. A direction whose world shows up only as a colour scheme has not found its move yet. When you weigh fused challengers, product clarity includes reading as a working product of this category.
COMPS
The comp is the product screen, in the direction's committed palette: its shell and navigation with a distinct area for each job and, where there is data, filters over what they scope and charts and tables with clear states. The world enters only through type, palette, density, and the one signature move; it never supplies the page's organisation, so a working screen never reads as a newspaper, a poster, or any other artifact of the world. Every control is a standard one the visitor already knows how to use, a web component on the web and the platform's native control in an app: buttons, tabs, inputs, selects, filters, tables with sortable headers, navigation that reads as navigation. Never a costume of the world's own interface: a terminal's function-key bar or command prompt, an instrument's bezel, ruled ledger paper standing in for a table. A comp an engineer could not build from the platform's standard components is a picture of the tool, not the tool. The finish bar is the best product in the category: an aligned grid, consistent spacing, a real type scale, and clear hierarchy. The signature move adds to a screen that is already that clean; it never stands in for it.

Prompt with the screen's real content: the product name, realistic data with plausible values and units, real labels, and one state worth seeing (an alert, a degraded service, an empty filter result), never placeholder tiles.

Comps two and three vary the product's organisation, never its world coverage: the navigation model (side rail, top bar, command-first), how the work areas divide the screen, which data leads, the density, and where the signature move sits. Each must be recognisably different from the first at thumbnail size; a variant only its prompt can tell apart adds no choice. A variant that adds world material, texture, or ornament goes further in the wrong direction; on a working screen, more world is a costume.

Self-check every render: with the name covered, does it read as a product of its category, could the visitor do the task from it, and is it at least as clean as the category standard and more distinctive than it? If it reads as an artifact of the world first, regenerate with the shell and the work areas named region by region and the world held to its four contributions.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 8fb039d8 --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key 8fb039d8.
